heyyou villager get in there no get and
the earth get in in in there we go
what's up guys it's Josh welcome back to
the Minecraft video and today I'm using
the door to anywhere mod and this mod is
pretty cool I've been playing around
with it for a little bit understanding
exactly how it works and all foreign
posts is actually in Japanese so I've
had to learn myself but basically I have
discovered that these two different
doors allow us to teleport across the
world to random locations now the store
over here that's more of the purple pink
looking door is the one way door which
is not the preferred method of using
this mod all this over here the blue and
the black dark blue Navy color one is
the two-way door and this is the more
preferred method I'll show exactly what
the two different do in a minute but
let's show you guys what the crafting
recipe is first so for the travel
one-way door you actually take any kind
of wooden planks in a sea formation kind
of you ought to and on the top and
bottom in the middle and then all the
way down on the left and then enter
Pearl the middle and to get yourself in
one way now for the two way or the
regular door you did the same thing
except with iron and a ender pearl which
I feel is much better this trap this
recipe is much more effective especially
to worth those extra little iron ingots
but let's go through this door here you
can see when we opened it there was some
ender portal verticals that came through
and if we go through it you see it
teleported us 4100
and eight kilometers away and we're in a
whole new area here and this is an area
I've never discovered before which is
pretty cool being able to go that far
away that quickly and discovering this
brand new area it allows us to have more
experience times and get away from our
house much easier and the purpose of the
two-way door is that it leaves a portal
to let you go back to your main so if
you go here I'll take us back to where
we started and we can go back and make a
travel back and forth pretty quickly and
it's definitely worth getting this
two-way because of the ability to go
back and forth now on the other hand
this is the one-way portal that I'm
about to go through and it will spawn us
in a random location as well you can see
it spawned us here but there is actually
no door to go back he's over five
thousand and eight hundred something
blocks away and it looks like it spawned
us right a little bit outside of some
land over here maybe not so promising
land oh yeah this is the best land in
the world guys this little thing here
basically oh it looks like there's a
little cave system down here too so they
trust spawn you bike a systems I've
noticed mostly everywhere I've done with
one way there's spawned me through cave
systems but I'm actually going to kill
myself
please dope we grow grab some creepers
grab a few of those as good a survival
and you know most effective way of
killing yourself is swallowing a few
creepers on us except that seemed to not
want to suffocate us so you know BAM re
so back at our house we can run back
over here and let's see how it's doing
if we go through the other door so it's
open and let's go through this one oh
look the guy from the intro I didn't
even realize I still hadn't you can see
every part of your place is completely
different so this other one is a two-way
and traveled us 3000 blocks away and
spawned us in a completely different
place here's our door back and it looks
like back survival island alright guys
so you guys good to just this mod and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did please leave a rating let me
know how I did and I will still be the
next one bye you can see there we
traveled again and it's got a stuffy few
blocks but you know who you tried are
harder to get it to this little cave
system it's pretty cool I really enjoyed
this mod so yeah as I said see in the
next one bye